# photographer-booking-php
#candid clicks.

Candid clicks Photography Studio is a small business that provides custom photography services to individual and corporate clients. The services include photographing weddings, pre-wedding, engagement, fashion, wildlife, birthday, sports and other events. The studio also offers sittings for individual, family, or group portraits, which may be taken in the studio or at a location specified by the client.  A Candid Click (photography studio) is often a business owned and represented by one or more photographers, the key difference between studio and location photography is the studio photographer can control every aspect of the photo shoot. When on location, photography may be preformed either indoors or out.  When shooting at an outside location the photographer has to contend with wind, rain and varying light conditions. When shooting at in indoor location the photographer may have to contend with less-than-perfect lighting and distracting background objects.  When shooting on location the photographer must bring some of the elements of the “studio” to the location. While this can help give the location a more professional atmosphere, it is almost impossible to set up a location shoot that will match the ideal conditions in a properly setup studio.  However, when shooting in the controlled environment of a studio the photographer has ultimate control over every aspect of creating the perfect photo, including setting up the ideal lighting scheme
